[Music]
how hot do you like your courage Susan I
didn't really are seriously how a they
are now lady out no that's good news
because one of our diners over there
okay claims he makes the hottest curry
in the country yes
is that right we've come that's right
going up came over from Newcastle right
Alan are you man enough to try drew
comes curry
I love it right here we go now I've
heard okay is the hotties in the country
so take the smallest amount possible
okay now don't go crazy a small amount
okay tiny tiny amount seriously
[Applause]
[Music]
oh my do that a nice brooch on that is
yeah this thing is worse than
disgusting there's a hottest thing I've
ever tasted
oh my god right okay
oh my god that is shocking